--- METADATA ---
source: https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application
timestamp: 1741908749.4193728
content_type: text/html; charset=utf-8
last_modified: 
title: App Router: Building Your Application | Next.js
description: Learn how to use Next.js features to build your application.
language: en
canonical_url: https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application
--- CONTENT ---

App Router: Building Your Application | Next.js Menu Using App Router Features available in /app Using Latest Version 15.2.2 Introduction App Router Building Your Application Building Your Application Next.js provides the building blocks to create flexible, full-stack web applications. The guides in Building Your Application explain how to use these features and how to customize your application's behavior. The sections and pages are organized sequentially, from basic to advanced, so you can follow them step-by-step when building your Next.js application. However, you can read them in any order or skip to the pages that apply to your use case. If you're new to Next.js, we recommend starting with the Routing , Rendering , Data Fetching and Styling sections, as they introduce the fundamental Next.js and web concepts to help you get started. Then, you can dive deeper into the other sections such as Optimizing and Configuring . Finally, once you're ready, checkout the Deploying and Upgrading sections. Routing Learn the fundamentals of routing for front-end applications. Data Fetching Learn how to fetch, cache, revalidate, and mutate data with Next.js. Rendering Learn the differences between Next.js rendering environments, strategies, and runtimes. Caching An overview of caching mechanisms in Next.js. Styling Learn the different ways you can style your Next.js application. Optimizing Optimize your Next.js application for best performance and user experience. Configuring Learn how to configure your Next.js application. Testing Learn how to set up Next.js with four commonly used testing tools — Cypress, Playwright, Vitest, and Jest. Authentication Learn how to implement authentication in your Next.js application. Deploying Learn how to deploy your Next.js app to production, either managed or self-hosted. Upgrading Learn how to upgrade to the latest versions of Next.js. Was this helpful? supported. Send